Fix eclipselsp path documentation. (#2479)
w0rp/ale: doc/ale-java.txt

recent versions can be used to run the server though.

After build completes the files required to run the language server will be

> located inside the repositoy folder `eclipse.jdt.ls`. Ensure to set

Reviewer: Typo here.

```suggestion
located inside the repository folder `eclipse.jdt.ls`. Please ensure you set
```

"Ensure to set" sounds weird, so I suggested "Please ensure you set."

Author: Fixed.
